README.md, before:

# Heya 👋 I'm xTrM_.

I'm a software developer/engineer. I code in Java, Python and JavaScript, and I'm currently learning C++, Kotlin and x86 Assembly.

I develop open-source projects/software, such as a Minecraft modpack installer/updater, as well as other public projets, including a JVM injection-based modding platform soon to be published.

## Support Me
Supporting me is highly appreciated! You can do so on [Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/xtrm).

## My GitHub Stats
###### you'll find these on nearly every github profile

[![xTrM_'s Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=xtrm-en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![xTrM_'s Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=xtrm-en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![xTrM_'s Wakatime Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=xtrm&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/)

Commit message:

solo.to major v2.5-snapshot-indev update (gone wrong) [removed xmr miner]

README.md, after:

# Heya 👋 I'm xTrM_.

I'm a software developer/engineer. I code in Java, Python and JavaScript, and I'm currently learning C++, Kotlin and x86 Assembly.

I develop open-source projects/software, such as a Minecraft modpack installer/updater, as well as other public projets, including a JVM injection-based modding platform soon to be published.

## My Internet presence
If you wish to find me somewhere on the internet, or just see my other projects, you can check my [solo.to](https://solo.to/xtrm).

## Support Me
Supporting me is highly appreciated! You can do so on [Buy Me A Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/xtrm).

## My GitHub Stats
###### you'll find these on nearly every github profile

[![xTrM_'s Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=xtrm-en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![xTrM_'s Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=xtrm-en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![xTrM_'s Wakatime Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=xtrm&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/)
